---
title: My Portfolio
---

## My Non- (Not Un-!) Professional Experience

If you're interested in what I've done for my jobs, my [formal
résumé](/résumé) is a great place to check. My professional
projects come with upsides and downsides for a potential employer
or partner: there's someone you can call to ask how I did, but on
the other hand, you only get to learn how I did if you call and
ask.

Here I plan to fill in the blanks a bit better for you by
presenting you with some projects that are publicly available.
That said, this list is selected for being a web page you can
scroll down, not for being comprehensive. If you're just looking
for [my Github](https://github.com/AVerm/), this is not the page
for that.

Two of my favorite activities in my spare time are cooking and
learning. Unfortunately (for you), I can't demonstrate my love
for cooking over a screen. Fortunately (for me, I hope), I can
demonstrate some of the subjects I've enjoyed engaging with.

Note: This page overrepresents projects that were already online
or were easy to put online.

## Website Work

I've got a personal website that I've enjoyed hacking on for a
few years, but the only part of that site that I can in good
conscience point you towards is [my implementation of an RSS feed
that is a valid HTML document with a
stylesheet](www.ajvermillion.com/feed.xml). I undertook this
project to figure out how RSS feeds work and what exactly the
deal is with XML, XHTML, XSLT, and the whole “XML pretending to
be HTML” family.

If you aren't me, that feed didn't look very nice to you, but
you're in luck on the next web design project I've selected,
because [my wedding website](https://1inavere6.com/) was
originally mocked up by my wife in LibreOffice Impress (Open
Source Powerpoint).

In order to put my wedding website together, I learned a lot
about weird CSS-hacks, Jekyll, and Github Pages. You can poke
through [the Github-hosted
repository](https://github.com/AVerm/1inavere6) or [the
website](https://1inavere6.com/) until you're convinced, but if
you look at the site, please appreciate the effects on the menu
and its buttons. I loved them so much that I later reused them on
[my résumé and portfolio website](/ "Yep, the one you're already
on"). If you're interested in poking around [the repository for
that (this) website](https://github.com/AVerm/alexjvermillion/),
it's also publicly available.

## Shadertoy Uploads

At some point, I found out how easy it is to use GLSL to make fun
mathematical demos. As of writing, I have not gotten over how fun
these are. These are probably of pretty limited utility to you in
evaluating how capable I am, but I feel like they demonstrate
what kind of self-motivated studier I am and they break up the
page quite nicely.

I encourage you to check out [my Shadertoy
profile](https://www.shadertoy.com/user/tomcatfish) for a few
more examples than what I display below.

<iframe width="640" height="360" frameborder="0" src="https://www.shadertoy.com/embed/tfGXWR?gui=true" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Above is a simple ray-marcher I built after I was intruiged by a
video online about how to make repeating patterns in GLSL. I had
to see it for myself.

<iframe width="640" height="360" frameborder="0" src="https://www.shadertoy.com/embed/XfdSDX?gui=true" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Above is another fragment shader, but one a bit dearer to my
heart. This is an animation of a set of dots slurping up the
entirety of their bounding box according to which is nearerst. If
you follow [the link to the fragment
shader](https://www.shadertoy.com/view/XfdSDX), you can edit the
`distance_` function to switch between the default Euclidean
distance (real world distance, where a diagonal meter is 1 meter
long) or Manhattan distance (also called "taxi-cab" distance,
where a meter at a 45° angle is 2 meters long, one horizontal and
one vertical).

I like this one because it's the first shader I built just for
fun.

## Psyche Driller

Okay, this one was for school (it was my Computer Science B.Sc.
capstone), but it was still really fun to make. We were allowed
to pick groups for this project, so I joined a group with a
friend of mine and some friends he had. We had to learn to get
along while programming a game and receiving input from NASA (who
nixed multiple names for our game in a row!), all while balancing
full courseloads.

You can [play the
game](https://capstone2021.missiontopsyche.org/psyche-driller/)
online and also poke through [the official
repository](https://github.com/AVerm/NASA-psyche-game).

## Userstyles

I'm a fan of my computer displaying things exactly how I read
them best (as any fan of tweaking their IDE's typeface, font
size, and light/dark mode will tell you, it's *definitely* worth
it and isn't a procrastination method).

To this end, I've offered several userstyles, which I haven't
uploaded anywhere good for linking yet.

Here is a website that a friend wrote a short story on (a
tutorial included in an unrelated story is pictured for privacy
reasons) with its default style:

![Default style](/assets/images/ProjectLawful_Before.png)

Here's my favored style, which I won a few converts to when I
shared it on the platform's forums:

![My style](/assets/images/ProjectLawful_After.png)

And here's my style-sheet only recreation of someone's website
(the author of the website was fine with this) which parses
stories and writes new HTML for them:

![My copycat style](/assets/images/ProjectLawful_After.png)

As you can see, ~~there's no end to the amount of effort I'll put
to procrastinate reading fictional stories that I chose to read~~
I really do make a hobby of CSS design.
